# Saving

The Pieces for Obsidian Plugin provides several ways to save snippets, ensuring your most useful content is always at hand within your notes.

## Saving Materials

Save code snippets to the Pieces Drive in two ways: use the right-click menu or save embedded buttons in code sections.

You can use this feature to save all kinds of proper markdown and code materials, such as:

API endpoint definitions

Utility functions or commonly used helper methods

Predefined templates for organizing notes

Task Lists

Code Blocks

Reusable patterns for internal or external links

To capture useful code snippets via the right-click menu:

Select the section you want to save.

Open the context menu by right-clicking on the selected section.

From the menu, select Save to Pieces.



To save code snippets directly from your notes:

Find the code block you want to save within your note.

Use the Save button embedded within the code block to save it to Pieces Drive.



You can take any code block existing in your Copilot Chat and click Save to Pieces—like code generated by Pieces Copilot, code blocks you added as context that weren’t saved as individual snippets, and any other kind of code.

To do so, click the Save to Pieces button on any code block within the Copilot Chat view.



## What’s Stored When You Save a Material

When you save a snippet to your Pieces Drive, it’s more than just the code that gets stored.

The Pieces Copilot captures:

Type: Categorizes the snippet (e.g., API call, function, class) with it’s code language.

Associated Tags: Keywords associated with the snippet for easier searching.

Custom Description: Specifies precisely which lines (in numerical form) the snippet is from, as well as the file from which it originated—very useful for mind-mapping.

Smart Description: AI-generated descriptions that summarize the snippet’s purpose and function.

Suggested Searches: Related searches that help you discover similar snippets.

Related Links: References to documentation, code repositories, or other relevant resources.

Related People: Associated collaborators or contributors.



Additionally, the Pieces Copilot scans saved snippets for sensitive information, such as API keys, passwords, or authentication tokens, to ensure no confidential data is accidentally stored.

## Where Saved Materials Live

Saved snippets are stored locally on your device, ensuring accessibility even when offline. This also means that any Pieces for Developers extension or plugin—or even the Pieces Desktop App—has constant, up-to-date access to your saved materials.

There are two ways to find your saved snippets—via the Pieces Explorer menu, or with the Pieces: Search Pieces feature.

Read more about how to find your saved snippets here.