# Sharing Saved Materials

The Share feature in the Pieces for Obsidian Plugin lets you create a shareable link for your snippets from the Pieces Drive, so you can share them directly from the Obsidian interface.

## How to Generate Shareable Links

There are 3 ways to share saved snippets—by using the tool menu, right-click menu, or by the Pieces Actions button on previously-saved snippets within the Pieces Drive.

This link can easily be shared via email, Discord, Slack, or other platforms. The recipient can view the snippet without needing to have a Pieces account.

Shareable Pieces links for your code snippets can be generated by right-clicking a portion of selected code, then clicking Share via Pieces Link.



You can open the command palette using ⌘+p (macOS) or ctrl+p (Windows/Linux), type Pieces for Developers: Share via Pieces, and run the command to generate and copy a shareable link.



When you are inside the Markdown Preview window in Obsidian, you can toggle the Pieces icon to unroll the Pieces Actions, then click Share via Pieces to generate a shareable link that’s automatically copied to your keyboard.



## Sharing a Previously Saved Snippet

If you save a material, but didn’t generate a shareable link at the time—no problem. You can still generate a shareable link (or copy, regenerate or delete the existing link) from the Pieces Drive.

Click the Pieces icon on the left-hand side of your Obsidian window.

Navigate to the Pieces Drive section and click on the snippet you want to share to open the Quick Preview.

At the bottom of the snippet Quick Preview, click the Generate Shareable Link option.

Alternatively, use the Quick Menu (three-dot icon) button to access sharing options

A new popup will appear giving you options to copy the personal link or generate a GitHub Gist.



## Enriched Sharing Experience

When you Share a snippet, it’s not just the code that’s included. The snippet comes with additional metadata to provide context—you can read more about that here.

Snippet Type: Identify the language or framework, such as Python or React.

Tags: Useful keywords for quick categorization.

Description: A short summary of what the snippet does.

Related Links: Helpful resources or documentation tied to the snippet.

Author Information: A record of who created the snippet.



## What Information Gets Shared

When a snippet is saved to the Pieces Cloud, the code is enriched with valuable information such as related people, links, annotations, tags, and an automatically-generated description.



The Share feature does more than allow you to effectively share snippets across your entire team and other communities, though.

You'll see a section titled Sensitive Information:



Our in-house ML model scans snippets for potentially sensitive information, like API keys or passwords, and alerts you so that you can make an informed decision before sharing the snippet.  

The scan happens locally using on-device machine learning models before the snippet is uploaded to the drive for sharing. This allows you to make an informed decision about sharing your code.